# PersonalWebsiteProject

## Milestone 1 Feedback
You'll need to correct your directory structure - take a look at the [Milestone 1 Documentation](https://bootcamp-coders.cnm.edu/projects/personal/milestone-one/). Be sure that your directory structure and file naming matches **exactly**. `milestone-1.html` should be a `php` file, and be sure that all your latest changes are committed and pushed, because what you have deployed does not exactly line up with GitHub.

Your documentation here is excellent, but your plans for the project are way out of scope for PWP. Remember that PWP will only be a one-page static site for now, and what you propose to build here is HUGE. For now, let's narrow your scope to fit a one-page site. This means that the design gallery and multiple page themes will have to go - this is just not feasible with the limited class time and capstone project. In addition, the kind of functionality that you describe here will require the use of additional libraries and frameworks, and that falls out of scope as well.

Your ideas for SycamoreHoller.com are awesome - but just too ambitious to achieve in 8 weeks. The first site I thought of when reading your documentation was the [Codrops Blog](http://tympanus.net/codrops/) and their live demos. I think it's worth noting that top-tier sites that feature live demos of themes/plugins/etc (codrops, themeforest, etc.) will generally do so in a separate page or tab with links or a panel across the top that clearly informs the user where they are, and that they are only inside a *demo view* not the main site itself. And how to navigate back to the main site content. I think that if you radically switch the layout/design of a site from page to page, you run the risk of it being a visually confusing "WTF moment" for the user. I think there needs to be a common visual context for a good UX. Even the best demo sites can get a little crazy to navigate - and don't forget, your main goal here is to drive SALES of your web development services. So don't let your design ambitions get in the way of that. Your site design should never confuse the user or present obstacles before the main goal.

You mention a blog in your use case. This is also out-of-scope for PWP because blog functionality requires you build a back-end, or install 3rd party software like WordPress. Definitely something to install down the line.

Simple animation for your PWP can be done using CSS and jQuery - these touches are definitely within scope. Also, setting an autoresponder on your contact form should also be easy to do using the Swiftmailer library. These features are a go.

So, TL; DR: narrow down your scope a bit to fit a one-page static site. The sky's the limit come week 11. And please fix your directory structure prior to completing Milestone 2 &alpha;. Your HTML is looking great.

Overall, nice work on the documentation here. Your Milestone 1 passes at [Tier II](https://bootcamp-coders.cnm.edu/projects/personal/rubric/). You're clear to begin Milestone 2&alpha;. 

## Milestone 2&alpha; Feedback
Your wireframes are excellent. I would have preferred that your content strategy be presented in a section of its own and clearly outlined by content area. That would have made your documentation much more clear and concise. Imagine if you submitted this to a client or project manager/tech lead/senior dev - they would likely send it right back.

Remember that my feedback for Milestone One stated that the scope for this project is a static one-page site. Unless you have a very strong and compelling case for building a multi-page site, keep your project scope to one **static** page. ("Static" means no Angular, MySQL, or AJAX apart from the planned jQuery form processing.) Angular will **not** be a part of PWP - it's totally out of scope for this project (refer to the [Milestone 1 Documentation](https://bootcamp-coders.cnm.edu/projects/personal/milestone-one/)). AJAX loading content into a single view is another method of building a multi-page site (an older method akin to Angular's templating process) - so this does not count as one page and is not within the spirit of the one-page scope. There are very specific reasons for the very limited scope of this PWP - and a big one is the amount of upcoming work for Capstone. Of course, after class - you can build this project to your heart's content! Planning and developing a project within a very strict scope is also part of the curriculum, as this is a very "real world" scenario that a developer will encounter every day working for a firm, and when doing freelance work. As simple as your wireframes may appear, what you have outlined planned here is actually **much** more work than what we'd ever expect any student to complete for PWP given Capstone work and the time constraints for the class! I'd like to help you edit this down quite a bit, while still serving your outlined goals.

I'm unclear as to what your Design content is exactly. If I knew this, then I could better advise as to the gallery functionality and what tools might be best here. What are you going to feature here under *Design*? How many Design options do you have ready at this time and are planning to feature? Bootstrap has built-in modal functionality, but depending on what your content is going to be, a more fully-featured solution could be more appropriate.

Your form looks great - and front-end form validation will be handled using jQuery Validate. If you like, have a preview of how we'll be building the forms for PWP here: [jQuery Validated PWP Contact Form](https://bootcamp-coders.cnm.edu/class-materials/jquery-validated-captcha-form/) One question: Do you *really* want anyone who fills out your form to expect that they can schedule a meeting with you whenever they like, without even talking with you first? I would assume that you would prefer to give any potential clients/prospects your availability upon request, AFTER formal contact.

Unless you have lengthy content already prepared at this time, along with a wide variety of services you plan to offer, I think your services section can be greatly condensed. A carousel/slider for a "technology" section seems like a stretch goal... but how does it serve your persona(s)? A prospective client (Jonathan Staley) likely wouldn't care about programming languages, and a prospective employer or professional peer wouldn't really require the elucidation on the technology, would they? If I go back to your persona and use case - I don't see how this fits in (at least not right now). If you still want to feature this, I would make it smaller and much less prominent, perhaps as a part of a "tools/skills" content section.

#### Content
**Home Page** - For your large home page slider: Bootstrap has a pre-built slider/carousel, but it's not that great. There are quite a few mobile-friendly 3rd-party jQuery tools out there that will help you build this out. Have a look at: [Owl Carousel 2](http://owlcarousel2.github.io/OwlCarousel2/) and [Flickity](http://flickity.metafizzy.co/) for starters. Also, take a look at the [Animate.css](https://daneden.github.io/animate.css/) library for some easy to implement CSS animations. If you take a peek at the unminified file it can also serve as a great intro on how to create CSS animations!

**Mobile Navigation** - I see that you've included some navigation buttons along the bottom of the screen on the mobile layout - this is cool. You can selectively show/hide HTML elements via some built-in Bootstrap classes. See here: [Bootstrap Responsive Utilities](http://getbootstrap.com/css/#responsive-utilities)

Your Milestone 2&alpha; passes at [Tier II](https://bootcamp-coders.cnm.edu/projects/personal/rubric/). 

### Edits &amp; Suggestions
- Your HTML is missing the `<head>` tag entirely. Not cool. -4 for the minimum of 4 lines of code that you left out!
- ALso, your file names are not matching up exactly as outlined in the Milestone Documentation - and I see that changes to the naming convention was not updated per your Milestone 1 Feedback. It's very important in programming that naming conventions be strictly adhered to - demonstrating attention to detail at this level is what we're looking for.
